Our Shipping Policy was last updated on November 15th, 2024 Interpretation and Definitions Interpretation The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. Definitions For the purposes of this Disclaimer:  "Company" (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Disclaimer) refers to ECommerce Customer Service Squad "Goods" refers to the items offered for sale on the Service. "Orders" means a request by You to purchase Goods from Us. "Service" refers to the Website. "Website" refers to ECSS, accessible from https://www.ecss.com.br "You" means the individual accessing the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.  Thank you for visiting and shopping at ECSS. The following terms and conditions constitute our Shipping Policy. This Shipping was generated by TermsFeed Shipping Policy Template Domestic Shipping Policy Shipment processing times All Orders are processed within 2-3 business days. Orders are not shipped or delivered on weekends or holidays. If We are experiencing a high volume of orders, shipments may be delayed by a few days. Please allow additional days in transit for delivery. If there will be a significant delay in shipment of Your Order, We will contact You via email or telephone. Shipping rates & delivery estimates Shipping charges for Your Orders will be calculated and displayed at checkout.   Shipping method: FedEx Standard Shipment cost: Free Estimated delivery time: 3-5 business days   Shipping method: FedEx Two Days Shipment cost: $12.95 USD Estimated delivery time: 2 business days   Shipping method: FedEx Standard Shipment cost: $19.95 USD Estimated delivery time: 1-2 business days   Overnight delivery is only available for Orders with delivery addresses within the continental United States. Delivery delays can occasionally occur. Shipment to P.O. boxes or APO/FPO addresses ECSS ships to addresses within the U.S., U.S. Territories, and APO/FPO/DPO addresses. Shipment confirmation & Order tracking You will receive a Shipment Confirmation Email once Your Order has shipped containing your tracking number(s). The tracking number will be active within 24 hours. Customs, Duties and Taxes ECSS is not responsible for any customs and taxes applied to Your Order. All fees imposed during or after shipping are the responsibility of the customer (tariffs, taxes) Damages ECSS is not liable for any products damaged or lost during shipping. If You received Your Order damaged, please contact the shipment carrier to file a claim. Please save all packaging materials and damaged goods before filing a claim. Our Shipping Policy was last updated on November 15th, 2024 Interpretation and Definitions Interpretation The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. Definitions For the purposes of this Disclaimer:  "Company" (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Disclaimer) refers to ECSS "Goods" refers to the items offered for sale on the Service. "Orders" means a request by You to purchase Goods from Us. "Service" refers to the Website. "Website" refers to ECSS, accessible from https://www.ecss.com.br "You" means the individual accessing the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.  Thank you for visiting and shopping at ECSS. The following terms and conditions constitute our Shipping Policy. This Shipping was generated by TermsFeed Shipping Policy Generator Domestic Shipping Policy Shipment processing times All Orders are processed within 2-3 business days. Orders are not shipped or delivered on weekends or holidays. If We are experiencing a high volume of orders, shipments may be delayed by a few days. Please allow additional days in transit for delivery. If there will be a significant delay in shipment of Your Order, We will contact You via email or telephone. Shipping rates & delivery estimates Shipping charges for Your Orders will be calculated and displayed at checkout.   Shipping method: FedEx Standard Shipment cost: Free Estimated delivery time: 3-5 business days   Shipping method: FedEx Two Days Shipment cost: $12.95 USD Estimated delivery time: 2 business days   Shipping method: FedEx Standard Shipment cost: $19.95 USD Estimated delivery time: 1-2 business days   Overnight delivery is only available for Orders with delivery addresses within the continental United States. Delivery delays can occasionally occur. Shipment to P.O. boxes or APO/FPO addresses ECSS ships to addresses within the U.S., U.S. Territories, and APO/FPO/DPO addresses. Shipment confirmation & Order tracking You will receive a Shipment Confirmation Email once Your Order has shipped containing your tracking number(s). The tracking number will be active within 24 hours. Customs, Duties and Taxes ECSS is not responsible for any customs and taxes applied to Your Order. All fees imposed during or after shipping are the responsibility of the customer (tariffs, taxes) Damages ECSS is not liable for any products damaged or lost during shipping. If You received Your Order damaged, please contact the shipment carrier to file a claim. Please save all packaging materials and damaged goods before filing a claim. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Shipping Policy, You can contact Us:  By visiting this page on our website: https://www.ecss.com.br/contactus By sending us an email: contactus@ecss.com.br  